hello hello who is this tell me your
name I'll tell you mine
I don't think so what's that noise
popcorn you're making popcorn I'm
getting ready to watch a video really
what I'm just some scary movie like
scary boy uh-huh
you never told me your name what do you
want to know my name I want to know who
I'm looking at someone is playing a
deadly game it all began with a scream
over 9-1-1 someone who's seen one too
many scary movies now he's taken his
love of fear hello one step too far
like scary boys what's the point they're
all the same some stupid killer stalking
some big-breasted girl who can't act
who's always winning with the stairs
when she should be going out the front
door it's insulting there are certain
rules that one must abide by in order to
successfully survive a scary movie
number one you can never have sex hey
are you to me never ever ever under any
circumstances say I'll be right back cuz
she won't be back you know the beer you
want one yeah sure I'll be right
they make the rules they watch calm
night in same time he just kills by them
don't answer the phone don't open the
door
to hide
everybody's back
that's Karia screen